Today, a link can cause a crash of Chrome that has become known. And here it is. If it is
A real link, if you point to it or click it, Chrome will collapse immediately. at least,
When I record this (video), if you see it in the future, it probably has.
In order to understand why, we need to know the mechanism of computer storage of text
As you know most likely, the computer stores letters and words - the term used for it is strings of letters
Such as singularities and zeros. But metaphors - which you see on the screen, of files and folders are all accurate
Arranged or, as in programming languages, the idea of ​​individual variables stored separately
In memory, those metaphors hide what actually happens - which is basically,
Or in silicon, they are in fact individual and zeros, with everything stuffed
Side by side. How does the computer know where to start and stop reading in this mixture of diodes?
Find the correct string and start reading it, very easy, there is an index of the sites of memories
Somewhere. Most programmers do not really need to deal with them
They all come out to you in the language you want, but at some point the computer must
He says: Well, I see this part of the memory, right here. This - let's say the web page
Which the user wants to see. Start reading from here.
But remember: The memory reads a huge series of almost endless singularities and zeros
If "start here" is all the information the computer got when trying to read it again,
At the time, he does not know how long the chain is. He will continue to read with great joy
Unless he has known the length. There are two approaches
About solving this
First, you can store the length of the string with the string. Overall at first. And therefore
The computer brings it to the place, and the first thing to read
Something says "Well, you're looking for 14 characters." He then reads the 14 letters,
And everyone is happy.
This is the modern way to do these things. Now we have a lot of memory, but there
Benefit: If you store longer strings, longer than a few sentences,
You will need more than one byte to store the length of the string - and it will also be
Need to do this in every series, no matter how short or long they are. Their efficiency is not estimated in space
I mean, I'm the simplest, there are other ways to deal with it, but anyway
There are still a lot of applications that use older versions, and the hardest ones are:
An empty character (NULL) at the end of your string.
NULL is an entire byte zero. Eight double zeros in a row. We are not talking
On trying to write the number 0 here, this has its own code, this is a special break character
Named NULL. This is called a null-terminated string,
The computer begins to read the string in terms of what is requested of it, and when it reaches NULL,
When he sees eight zeros in a row, he says, ah! The series is over. Wonderful. Which means
You do not need all the hype about storing height. Now, there are many numbers of
Computer science lectures on any technique are more efficient for any operating system
Or why you might want to store the length or you may not want, but all you need to know now
Is that each of these technologies is still in use.
Which brings me back to this link.
At first, those centric signs. In the link, means an encrypted character
You can not place specific punctuation in the connector because they have special meanings:
A hash tag, for example, means "Go to this point of a web page", so if you are
You need to use the tick tag in the filename, in the URL, encrypt it. You can encrypt it
As represented here on this scheme, which brings us back to the eighties and strongly. But
The important part is: The percentage followed by two or two letters means "About this to
another thing".
Okay. Let's try it on this link. We have two identical digits: percentage, three, zero,
Here and here. If we search for it in the chart: it decrypts it for ... zero
Not NULL, just literally, as if you typed zero.
So far, innocent. Except that there is still a percentage sign, so we have again re-set the result
We are now trying to decode a zero percent percentage. Which decrypts the
NULL.
So originally, I told myself, well, it gives a chain of a different length than expected,
Or something like that, it puts NULL so it should not be, but no. It is more than this
Chrome browser takes the full link, unraveling it for one time - which is still somewhat valid
Because that NULL escaped - making it secure, excellent, safe to use
Then sends it to the next part of programming. Which is then confirmed and decrypted again
He notices that it is NULL, and says: "Hey, this is not a valid character, we can not allow it." So he knows
Link as invalid ...
... but the previous programming do not care, they know in advance that it is good, so pass it onward,
A sure and secure link is the truth otherwise. At some point Chrome says: "Something went wrong
Here "and collapses
Translation: Abdulrhman Saeed